Later, it is said that my aunt committed suicide
Turned into a ghost
Ordered in a Buddhist village
Killed his husband and his family
Then they killed more than a dozen villagers one after another
Until Wu Chuanwei of the Three Crowns found him
And sealed him
An innocent
A promising female college student
It was ruined for a lifetime
Being treated like a dog
Imprisoned in a dark shack
Then watch your lover being beaten
It's no wonder they turn into ghosts
Oh yes, he has a son
Have you heard of it?
Oops, it is said that he also died later
But I don't know exactly how he died
Three Crown Wu Chen Zhenren once sealed him
Looks like I have to go to the Three Crowns
Oh no no no
Uncle Qin, you have to squeeze for me first
This headless ghost is on her wrist
Ah, I almost forgot.
I can take him
But you must bury his body properly
Then burn paper on the fifteenth day of every month
You belong to your guilty household, oh, definitely, definitely
I'll do whatever you ask me to do
Go open the door
hit
Open the door
Isn't that attracting wolves into the house?
You don't open the door
How do I lure him here?
How can I help you lift the curse if he doesn't come?
Ah!